You really want to get popular
Miss Luna, isn't this okay?
I just took a closer look.
Luna's National Day
Multiple scars on wrists and cheeks
Although covered in makeup
But there are still traces
From a panning point of view
He must still be under control
So what are we going to do in the past?
The boat goes to the bridge naturally
As long as you can see
There must be hope
Well, then I'll go shoot the footage in the afternoon.
Am I going alone or are you going alone?
How can I rest assured?
You should be familiar with this
Ah Bao's twin brother Ah Hu
He will take over from Ah Bao's position
Hello tiger
Whenever you go out in the future, Ah Hu will protect your safety
Now you don't have to worry
Take away a leopard and come to a tiger brother
It seems that this one is even more difficult to disappoint